Animated Free Website Prompts 
1. Go to Pinterest and check for inspiration and the website designs that you like. 
2. Go to Google AI Studio, upload your website screenshot that you have taken from 
Pinterest, and write the below prompt. 
I have shared the image above. Use that image as the main reference and extract all the 
components from that image and build a complete webpage using all those components. Do 
not add any background for now. Just make sure you create the exact same webpage with 
all the components as shared in the above screenshot. 
1. Download the website generated from Google AI Studio by clicking on Code and 
then clicking on Export, and export the file from Google AI Studio of the website. 
2. Go to ChatGPT and ask it to provide some scroll-based animation ideas that you can 
generate for your respective website. In the video, I have used the below prompt, so 
you can copy it exactly. 
Prompt 1 - I am creating a website for a solar panel company. In that website, I want to add 
a scroll-based animation, so give me some options that I can create a video for and use that 
to create a scroll-based animation. Give me video ideas for 10 seconds that are perfect for a 
solar company website. 
Prompt 2 - Write a prompt for the first option that I can provide to Gemini Omni, through 
which I can generate a perfect video for it. 
Prompt 3 - Since you have created multiple scenes, I want you to make sure that all the 
scenes are interconnected and it should not look like the video is cut from multiple angles. 
The video should flow smoothly. 
1. Copy the final prompt that has been generated by adding all the above prompts to 
ChatGPT. 
2. Go to the Google Flow website by clicking here, paste the prompt that you have 
copied, and ask it to generate a video. Using Gemini Omni model 
3. Once the video is generated and downloaded, go back to ChatGPT, upload your 
video, and write the below prompt. 
I have provided a video above. Please extract all the frames from that video at 30 fps. Make 
sure the output quality of all the images is high. 
1. Download the folder generated by ChatGPT after you write the above prompt. 
2. Download Anti-Gravity IDE on your system by clicking here. 
3. Open Anti-Gravity after installing it. Login with your email ID. 
After that, on the right, open a folder in it and paste both the folders that you have 
downloaded: 
● a zip file in which all the frames we have 
● a folder that we have downloaded, which is a zip file we downloaded from Google AI 
Studio 
Paste those both in the same Anti-Gravity folder and write the below prompt. 
1. Now drag and drop the frames folder that you have downloaded from ChatGPT to the 
chat box in anti gravity and paste this prompt, which is shared below. 
I have provided you frames of a video. I want you to use all the frames and create a 
high-quality scroll-based animation for a webpage. Do not add any form of text or other 
components. Just create a scroll-based animation and make sure you provide me a 
localhost link so that I can view it in my browser. \ 
1. Now, after this, the website scroll-based animation will be generated. After that, all 
you have to do is drag and drop the same exact folder that you have downloaded 
from Google AI Studio in the same chat box and write the below prompt. 
In the above folder I have an SRC folder. In that folder I have a web page which has all the 
components so please create the same exact web page above on the scroll-based 
animation that we have already created. 
1. Once all this is done, your website will be ready and presented to you in your local 
host. If you want to make changes in the website, you can just write prompts and 
make changes. 
Thank you. 
Remove the initial background visible in the hero section and turn the scroll animation itself 
into the hero section; once the scroll animation finishes, the subsequent sections should 
appear with card animations. 